<Colourless> i don't know why i put up with you... your just too cute i guess :-)
(To Darke on IRC)


<Nadir> what are you guys on ?
(To Darke and Colourless on IRC after a particularly surreal episode.)


Pentagram, regardless of what ends up happening to it, will be an
interesting experiment in software engineering. It's always going
to be in danger of being over engineered, but call it a allergic
reaction to the seemingly utter lack of any real engineering in exult :-)
(Colourless on IRC)


Colourless thinks that you very much don't want to have any std's :-)
Colourless tries to remove his head from the gutter, but for some reason just can't
Jammet gives Colourless a crowbar.
<Jammet> =^_^= That should do it.
Darke moves his periscope out of the way. There, that should help Colourless.
(On IRC, where else? *grin* Colourless' typos corrected by me.)


Jett persists in trying to work out how you 'stimulate' a virgin.
(Jett aka Darke on IRC)


That's *simulate*! STIM... err... SIM-U-LATE!
(Darke upon discovery that said typographical error was added to the quotes)


Solely for the perverse pleasure of being... well... perverse.
(Darke detailing an idea for Pentagram)


Please consult your English Tutor if problems persist.
(Darke in reponse to one of the inifinte typo corrections made by Colourless)


It'll get the Pentagram Pathetic Programming(tm) award for the rest of the decade
(Darke considering if he should or shouldn't do something)


I wouldn't exactly consider their l33t credits/quotes encoding a 'technology'
(Darke on what is and isn't classed as Ultima 8 Technologies)


I think that YAN MIN would be better - Yet Another Nested Macro Infested Nightmare
(Colourless describing his code...)


Everyone always regrets something stupid they did in a previous project and in the next probject they will have learnt, but they will just do something different stupidly.
(Extract from 'Programming Wisdom' by Colourless, Part 1)


An experienced programmer then becomes someone who has done enough stupid things to have a vaste knowledge of things you shouldn't do, not things that you should do.
(Extract from 'Programming Wisdom' by Colourless, Part 2)


Then you have an 'advanced' programmer who does stupid things, but for a reason.
(Extract from 'Programming Wisdom' by Colourless, Part 3)


I presume this is what you use as your excuse for creating YAN MIN.
(Darke on Colourless' so called Programming Wisdom)


pentagram's gaming stuff? damn, i was looking for satanism...
(geiusly on IRC)